are you my super-realistic sex with hot
cartoons
the distress signal is coming from the
planet Zoo at Oregon so what kind of
girls do you like big boobie girls
there's something you should know about
me don't need I come from a long line of
laganja the same person reborn over the
course of thousands of years like
reincarnation
do you share memories no but we keep a
diary one of my previous incarnations
was based on zu beador I've read it's a
very dangerous place it's a shame we
can't call on the old Mekons out for
help actually we can you're in for a
treat
time to conjure up an old gossip this
won't last for a couple of hours now if
he realizes he's dead the spell will
break so you'll have to play along wait
a minute what's going on
hi McGann zou a distress signal is
coming from that cave
hi what was that for my memory is a
little are you my super realistic sex
robot oh I don't understand I have to
play along I mean yes hey that fish man
wants to put my privates on the pleather
what that fish man wants to muscle me
into submission here he comes
thank you're my robot
I must have programmed you to do that so
I pretty much saved us Thanks okay now
that's over with let's investigate the
distress signal then lay there we can
hug and kiss and who knows what finger
bang you sell my face maybe just go see
a movie
who knows this is my secret base I built
this myself why would the de-stressing
they'll be coming from your own base I'm
pretty sure there's an impressive reason
Maga is oh I programmed that door to do
that not a big deal about these
Christmas lights fancy keyboards and
antique consoles impress you
sure
this is my special hat that comes from
the ceiling now I'm wearing a nice hat
there I turned off the distress signal
false alarm
there's something you need to know about
me I come from a long line than McGann
says yeah yeah I know all about that
I preset my computer to put out a fake
distress signal so that one of the
future versions of McGann say will come
out here to investigate well it
transformed into me then I'll put on
this special hat allow me to permanently
take over the body the Hat prevents you
from reverting back to the other McGann
zone yeah this was said magic doesn't
work on me
luckily commanding the fish man to
destroy your spaceship she-bear leave my
spaceship alone I don't want to fight
you I'm lonely on this planet I'm not
evil
let's go back to my secret base we'll
talk things over I feel like you're
beginning to understand me lay there we
can it's a shame I can't remember
nee-sama gonzo saved you from an army of
Fishman he was very brave just like you
you think I'm brave